More examples for the microsite (#129)
buntec/ff4s: docs/examples/subscription.md

> # Subscription

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Subscriptions
```

> Subscribing to state changes is one of the most common but rather tricky to handle in frontend development.
> In this example we illustrate how this can be achieved in `ff4s` using simple HTTP GET requests to the
> [numbers API](http://numbersapi.com/), where each request is sent based on user input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fact that the store in ff4s is a `Resource` and that `store.state` is a `Signal` allows us to subscribe to updates of (part of) the state and react to them. A common use case is debouncing API calls based on user input. 
```

## State

```scala mdoc:js:shared
final case class State(number: Int = 0, fact: Option[Fact] = None)
```

```scala mdoc:js:shared
import io.circe._
import io.circe.generic.semiauto._

case class Fact(text: String)
object Fact {
  implicit val codec: Decoder[Fact] = deriveDecoder
}
```

## Actions

```scala mdoc:js:shared
sealed trait Action
case object GetRandomFact extends Action
case class SetFact(fact: Option[Fact]) extends Action
case class SetNumber(number: Int) extends Action
```

## Store

> What is interesting here is the fact that the store `ff4s.Store` is a resource. This will allow us to run effects
> in the background while the store is in use. For example, we can subscribe to changes of the `number` state (based on user input) and dispatch the action `GetRandomFact` in response.
> 
> Note that we use `debounce` to limit the number of responses to state changes. This is useful when the state changes
> with high frequency while we do not want to react to each single change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

```scala mdoc:js:shared
import cats.syntax.all._
import cats.effect._
import cats.effect.implicits._
import scala.concurrent.duration._

object Store {

  def apply[F[_]: Async]: Resource[F, ff4s.Store[F, State, Action]] =
    ff4s
      .Store[F, State, Action](State()) { store =>
        _ match {
          case SetFact(fact)     => _.copy(fact = fact) -> none
          case SetNumber(number) => _.copy(number = number) -> none
          case GetRandomFact =>
            state =>
              (
                state,
                ff4s
                  .HttpClient[F]
                  .get[Fact](s"http://numbersapi.com/${state.number}?json")
                  .flatMap { fact =>
                    store.dispatch(SetFact(fact.some))
                  }
                  .some
              )

        }
      }

>       .flatTap { store =>
>         store.state
>           .map(_.number)
>           .discrete
>           .changes // subscribe to changes in `number` state
>           .debounce(3.seconds)
>           .evalMap { _ => store.dispatch(GetRandomFact) }
>           .compile
>           .drain
>           .background
>       }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      .flatTap {
        // subscribe to changes in user input and trigger debounced API calls
        _.state
          .map(_.number)
          .discrete
          .changes
          .debounce(1.second)
          .evalMap(_ => store.dispatch(GetRandomFact))
          .compile
          .drain
          .background
      }
```
